Installation docs (#1796)
solo-io/gloo-mesh: docs/content/operations/troubleshooting.md

You can set the `env` variable `DEBUG_MODE` to "true" in any of the Gloo Mesh pods to increase the logging level. You can set an explicit logging level using the `LOG_LEVEL` env variable. See [https://pkg.go.dev/go.uber.org/zap/zapcore?tab=doc#Level](https://pkg.go.dev/go.uber.org/zap/zapcore?tab=doc#Level) for the log levels.

When you find unexpected behaviors with your request handling, here are a few areas to look in Envoy that can aid in debugging.
The [Envoy Admin API](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/operations/admin) can be viewed by port-forwarding the `istio-ingressgateway` service:

```shell
kubectl port-forward -n gloo-mesh deploy/istio-ingressgateway 15000:15000
```

> This way you can curl localhost:19000 and get access to the Envoy Admin API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way you can visit localhost:15000 and get access to the Envoy Admin API.
```
